---
title: PG3 Registration Matters
permalink: /sec-1-posting-group-3/pg3registrationmatters/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec 1 Posting Group 3
---
<p><u>Step 1: Online Registration Form (Compulsory)</u><br><u>Step 2: Higher Mother Tongue Language (HMTL)</u><br><u>Step 3: MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS)</u><br><u>Step 4: Sale of Books and Uniform</u><br><u>Step 5: Purchase of Personal Learning Device</u><br></p><h5><strong>Step 1: Online Registration Form (Compulsory)</strong><br></h5><p>Compulsory for ALL students (to be completed from <strong>20 Dec 2023, 9am to 21 Dec 2023, 12pm</strong>).<br><a href="https://go.gov.sg/s1yc2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Online Registration</a></p><h5><strong>Step 2: Higher Mother Tongue Language (HMTL)</strong><br></h5><p>The school will contact the students who have been offered Higher Mother Tongue Language (HMTL) by <strong>22 Dec 2023, 12pm</strong> via the phone numbers registered in the primary school. <br></p><h5><strong>Step 3: MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS)</strong><br></h5><p>MOE provides financial assistance for students who need support. There are <u>two</u> ways of FAS application: <br><strong><u>A) Already Approved MOE FAS for 2024 with Approval Letter from Primary School</u></strong><br></p><p>The school will call the parents to arrange an appointment from 22 to 29 Dec 2023 for the collection of the textbooks and uniform. You are not required to come to the school on 21 Dec 2023. Please bring along the Letter of Approval from the Primary School for verification on the arranged date. However, if the school has not contacted you by <strong>27 Dec 2023</strong>, please contact the school to enquire.</p><p><strong><u>B) New applications for FAS</u></strong><br></p><p>Parents may apply for MOE FAS through either (1) hardcopy or (2) online via eFAS below. Application forms are also available from the General Office.</p><p></p><p>For students who are not eligible for MOE FAS, you may consider applying for SAC FAS. Please click on the application form below for the eligibility criteria.</p><p>Please submit the completed form to the school or via eFAS from <strong><u>22 to 29 Dec 2023</u></strong> with all supporting documents.</p><p>Please <strong><u>do not</u></strong> buy any books or uniform without the FAS Approval Letter as there will be NO refund if you do so.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>MOE FAS Application Form</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>SAC FAS Application Form</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Hardcopy:<br><a href="/files/moe_fas_application_form(updated%20oct%202023).pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">MOE-FAS Application Form</a></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Hardcopy: <br><a href="/files/SAC_FAS_Application_Form.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">SAC-FAS Application Form</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>eFAS Application:<br><a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas</a></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>For details on MOE FAS &amp; SAC FAS, you may click on the link below. <a href="/others/financial-assistance-scheme-fas/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Financial Assistance Scheme</a></p><h5><strong>Step 4: Sale of Books and Uniform</strong><br></h5><p>You may access the website from <strong><u>21 Dec – 27 Dec 2023</u></strong> to purchase the books and uniform online to avoid queuing in the school.</p><p>There will be 2 options of purchases <br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Home delivery (with a delivery charge) or <br></p></li><li><p>Self-collection via the website at <a href="https://www.pacificbookstores.com" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.pacificbookstores.com</a>. <br></p></li></ul><p></p><p>Please refer the above website under <strong>FAQs</strong> for the guide on how to purchase your books and uniform online.</p><p>You may still walk in to purchase the books and uniform at the school bookshop from <strong>21 Dec to 29 Dec 2023 (Weekday: 9am – 3pm, Sat: 9am – 12pm)</strong> but do expect to queue up for the purchases.</p><p>For students offered More Demanding Level subjects under <strong>Full Subject-Based Banding (FSBB) or Higher Mother Tongue Language (HMTL)</strong>, you would need to confirm the subjects that you will be taking before purchasing the books. If you are not sure, do not purchase the books. You can still purchase the books after school starts on 2 Jan 2024.</p><p>For FAS students, you can only collect the books and uniform after receiving the FAS Approval Letter from the school. Please do not buy the books on your own as there will be NO refund if you do so.</p><p><strong>2024 Booklist</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/sec%201%20g3.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 G3</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/sec%201%20g2.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 G2</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/sec%201%20g1.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 G1</a></p></li></ul><h5><strong>Step 5: Purchase of Personal Learning Device</strong><br></h5><p>In alignment with the vision of the MOE EdTech Masterplan 2030 – Technology-transformed Learning, to prepare students for a Technology-transformed World, our Yuan Ching National Digital Literacy Programme (NDLP) aims to create opportunities and curate experiences for all our students to develop their digital literacy competencies to create, curate and connect information in digital environment.</p><p>This is enabled by the provision of a Personal Learning Device (PLD) for every student. The school has chosen iPad as the school prescribed PLD for our Secondary One students.</p><p>Please read this <a href="/files/YCS_IP4_Letter_to_Parents_for_PDLP_Procurement__For_GGAS__website.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">letter</a> and <a href="/files/IP8___Infographic_PLD_2024_Sec_1.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Infographic</a> on the Yuan Ching PLD Initiative 2024 on the important information about the PLD for your child/ward before submitting your option below.</p><p></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Click <a href="https://go.gov.sg/pdlpadmin" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> to indicate if you would like to purchase a PLD with the school bulk purchase by <strong><u>5th Jan 2024 (Fri)</u></strong>.</p></li><li><p>If you are unable to submit the form online, you may download the form <a href="/files/YCS_IP4_Intent_to_Purchase_for_PDLP__For_GGAS__website.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> and submit to the Form Teacher on the 1st day of school. You may also obtain the hardcopy form from the Form Teacher on the 1st day of school.</p></li><li><p>If you are <u>pending transfer</u> out of Yuan Ching Secondary School or would like to use your <u>personal computing device</u> in school, please submit this <a href="https://go.gov.sg/ycsspld-optout" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">form</a>. To ensure that your personal learning device is suitable, please refer to the specifications below.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Suitability of Student-Owned Device to Function as Personal Learning Device</strong> <br></p><p>Your personal learning device should meet the following specifications in order for it to be managed by the Device Management Application (DMA). The DMA is crucial as it allows the teacher to control the student’s use of computing device during class time.</p><p>a. it should be an iOS device<br>b. device should not be older than 4 years from manufacturing date; <br>c. battery should hold charge for at least 4 hours; <br>d. comparable form factor to school-prescribed PLD (e.g. touchscreen, physical keyboard, Apple Pencil); <br>e. comparable features to school-prescribed PLD (e.g. inking);<br>f. comparable performance to school-prescribed PLD <br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;i. Processor: A10 Fusion or better<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;ii. Capacity: 32GB or higher<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;iii. OS Version: iPadOS 15 or higher<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;iv. Screen Size: 10.0 to 11.9 inch (diagonal)<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;v. Resolution: 2048 x 1536 or higher resolution<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;vi. WiFi function should work and support at least IEEE<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 802.11a/b/g/n/ac/ax standard that uses 5GHz<br>g. device should not be installed with additional Operating Systems, antivirus software, Device Management and Parental Control tools other than the MOE DMA.</p><h4>Please proceed to <a href="/2024-intake-sec-1-registration/sec-1-posting-group-3/keydatesandactionsrequired/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Key Dates and Actions Required</a>.</h4><p></p>