---
title: Key Dates and Actions Required
permalink: /2024-intake-sec-1-registration/sec-1-posting-group-1/keydatesandactionsrequired/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec 1 Posting Group 1
---
<h5><strong><u>20 – 21 Dec 2023 - Sec 1 Registration Exercise</u></strong><br></h5><p>Online Registration to be done by 21 Dec, 12PM. <br><u>Request to </u><strong><u>Transfer OUT</u></strong><u> based on </u><strong><u>MEDICAL REASONS</u></strong><u> only:</u> Please report to school with all relevant medical documents by 12PM.<br><u>Request for </u><strong><u>Transfer OUT</u></strong><u> for all other reasons: <br></u> Please approach the relevant school to Appeal to transfer.<br><u>Appeals to Transfer IN: <br></u> Please fill up appeal form on school website and submit by <strong>27 Dec 2023</strong>.</p><h5><strong><u>21 – 29 Dec 2023 - Purchase of Books, Stationery, Uniform, Attire, Socks at School Bookshop</u></strong></h5><p>Access the <strong>website</strong> from <strong><u>21 Dec – 27 Dec</u></strong> to purchase the books and uniform online to avoid queuing in the school.</p><p>There will be 2 options of purchases<br>-Home delivery (with a delivery charge) or <br>-Self-collection via the website at <a href="https://www.pacificbookstores.com" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.pacificbookstores.com</a>. <br></p><p>You may also <strong>walk in</strong> to purchase the books and uniform at the school bookshop from <strong><u>21 Dec to 29 Dec 2023 (Weekday: 9am – 3pm, Sat: 9am – 12pm)</u></strong> but do expect to queue up for the purchases. <br></p><p>Students who have appealed to transfer <strong>OUT</strong> – Please do not buy books or uniform pending the outcome of your application. <br></p><p>Financial Assistance Students – Please do not buy books or uniform until your application has been completed.<br></p><h5><strong><u>21 Dec 2023 - 5 Jan 2024 - Purchase of Personal Learning Device (PLD)</u></strong></h5><p>Please indicate if you would like to purchase a PLD with the school bulk purchase by 5th Jan 2024 (Fri) via the <a href="https://go.gov.sg/pdlpadmin" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">online form</a> or submit the hardcopy form to the Form Teacher.</p><p>If you are pending transfer out of Yuan Ching Secondary School or would like to use your personal computing device in school, please submit this <a href="https://go.gov.sg/ycsspld-optout" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">online form</a>.</p><h5><strong><u>2 Jan 2024 - First Day of School</u></strong><br></h5><p><u>Results for Request for Transfer (under MOE Medical Appeal Exercise):</u><br></p><p>Applicants should continue to attend lessons in Yuan Ching Sec while waiting for the results of the appeal.</p><p>New <strong><u>School Posting Letters</u></strong> will be given out to successful applicants on 2 Jan 2024. Applicants may call the school at 62612489 and check the outcome of their application with the school on 2 Jan 2024.</p><p><strong><u>Day 1 Reporting Time &amp; Distribution of School Handbook:</u></strong><br></p><p>On Tuesday, 2 Jan 2024, Sec 1 students will report in school uniform by 8:20AM. All Sec 1 students to gather at foyer, you will be directed to your respective classes. All students are expected to be properly attired with proper haircut (refer to Section Important Information: General Rules for School).</p><p>The Student Handbook will be issued to all students except those awaiting the results of their transfer requests.</p><p></p><h5><strong><u>2-5 Jan 2024 - Sec 1 Orientation Programme</u></strong><br></h5><p>Please refer to the <a href="/files/01_2024_Sec_1_Orientation_Booklet_for_website.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Orientation Programme</a> for more information.<br></p><h5><strong><u>4 Jan 2024 - Individual Photo Taking</u></strong><br></h5><p>Students are to bring $5.00 (payment to be made to Photographer for photo-taking) except those who are awaiting transfer results. <br></p><h5><strong><u>13 Jan 2024 - CCA Showcase and Parents Engagement Session</u></strong><br></h5><p>The CCA showcase and Parents Engagement session will be held on the morning of Saturday, 13 Jan 2024 (Sat) From 9.00am to 12.30pm. Students will be brought to different CCA booths for some experience on the different CCAs offered by the school. More details will be given at a later date.<br></p><h5><strong><u>16 Jan and 18 Jan 2024 - CCA Trials</u></strong><br></h5><p>More information on the timing of the trials will be given at a later date.<br></p><h4>Please proceed to <a href="/2024-intake-sec-1-registration/sec-1-posting-group-1/importantinformation/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Important Information</a>.</h4><p></p>