---
title: FAQs
permalink: /2024-intake-sec-1-registration/faqs/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h2>Frequently Asked Questions</h2><h3><u>FAS</u><br></h3><ol><li><p>I would like to apply for Financial Assistant Scheme (FAS) now, how should I apply?<br><strong><em>Please visit this webpage for more details: </em></strong><a href="/others/financial-assistance-scheme-fas/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Financial Assistance Scheme</a></p></li><li><p>I have yet to receive any news of my FAS approval, should I proceed to purchase the books and uniform first?<br><strong><em>No. Do not purchase the books until the FAS approval is given otherwise school will not be able to refund money for your purchase. Please do not buy the books until you have received the FAS Approval Letter.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>If I have applied for MOE FAS in my primary school, why am I not contacted by Yuan Ching Sec to collect my textbooks and uniform?<br><strong><em>The school will call the parents to arrange an appointment from 22 to 29 Dec 2023 for the collection of the textbooks and uniform. Please bring along the Letter of Approval from the Primary School for verification on the arranged date. However, if the school has not contacted you by 27 Dec 2023, please contact the school to enquire.</em></strong></p></li></ol><h3><u>Cut-off points</u><br></h3><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>What is the cut-off points for your school?<br><strong><em>PG3 - 19</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>PG2 - 24</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>PG1 - 28</em></strong></p></li></ol><h3><u>Transfer in and out of Yuan Ching Secondary School</u></h3><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>I would like to appeal for a transfer in to your school for my child, how do I proceed?<br><strong><em>You can either submit the application online via </em><a href="https://go.gov.sg/s1yctransferin2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application for Transfer Into Yuan Ching Secondary School for Sec 1 2024</a><em> or you can download the Application for Transfer form <a href="/files/Transfer_into_YCSS_for_Sec_1_2024_cleared.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a> and submit the completed form and the relevant supporting documents via the school email (ycss@moe.edu.sg) or to the school’s General Office. <u>Appeals to transfer IN to Yuan Ching Sec School need to be made by 27 Dec 2023 (Wednesday).</u></em></strong></p></li></ol><p>2.I would like to transfer out from your school, how do I proceed?<br><strong><em>i) First complete the registration form for YCS.</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>ii) Please refer to our school website under Sec 1 Registration page – Transfer out of Yuan Ching Secondary School</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>iii) For Requests to transfer OUT based on MEDICAL REASONS, please report to school with all relevant medical documents by 12.00PM on 21 Dec 2023 (Thursday).</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>iv) All other requests to transfer OUT please go to the school website of the school that you want to go to and complete the appeal form and submit to that school.</em></strong></p><p><strong><em>v) Students who have appealed to transfer OUT - Please do not buy books and uniform pending the outcome of your application.</em></strong></p><ol start="3" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>How long do I have to wait to know if there are vacancies available in your school?<br><strong><em>The wait is approximately a week. We will call you if there is a vacancy. Please note that <u>unsuccessful applicants</u> will NOT be informed of the outcome of the application and applicants who do not hear from the school by <u>29 Dec 2023</u> are advised to report to the school that they are originally posted to on <u>2 Jan 2024</u>.</em></strong></p></li></ol><h3><u>Sec 1 Registration</u><br></h3><ol><li><p>I am the aunt/uncle of a student and the parents are not available to register the child in school. Can I personally register the child on the parent’s behalf? What documents do I need to bring?<br><strong><em>Registration is online, you can ask the parents to register online by 12.00pm 21 Dec 2023.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>I would like to register my child but I am unable to make it for the registration day. How do I proceed to register my child?<br><strong><em>There is no need for the students to physically report to the school. You should register online by 12.00pm 21 Dec 2023.</em></strong></p></li></ol><h3><u>Purchasing of Books and Uniform</u><br></h3><ol><li><p>Do I need to buy the uniform and textbooks by registration day? Can I buy them another day?<br><strong><em>Yes, there is no need to buy the books and uniform on registration day. The bookshop and the uniform shop will be opened on 21 Dec – 29 Dec 2023 for the purchase of books and uniform. <br>You may access the <u>website</u> from <u>21 Dec – 27 Dec 2023</u> to purchase the books and uniform online to avoid queuing in the school. There will be 2 options of purchases – Home delivery (with a delivery charge) and Self-collection via the website at </em></strong><a href="https://www.pacificbookstores.com" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.pacificbookstores.com</a><strong><em>.<br>You may still <u>walk in </u>to purchase the books and uniform at the school bookshop from <u>21 Dec to 29 Dec 2023</u> (Weekday: 9am – 3pm, Sat: 9am – 12pm) but do expect to queue up for the purchases.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>I am unable to purchase the uniform for my child as the bookshop has no stocks of the size, can my child wear his/her primary school uniform when school reopen? <br><strong><em>Yes. Please approach the bookshop when school re-opens to enquire about the stock as soon as possible.</em></strong></p></li></ol><h3><u>More Demanding Level (MDL) Subjects</u><br></h3><ol><li><p>The child’s name is not available in the drop-down list in the MDL registration form. <br><strong><em>The name of the child will be available in the MDL registration form based on eligibility. If the child has the eligible grades and his/her name is not found in the MDL registration form, please inform the school at 62612489.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>What textbooks should the child be buying? <br><strong><em>If the child is ELIGIBLE and have ACCEPTED the offer to take up the more demanding level subject, they can proceed to buy the textbooks necessary for the more demanding level subject. If they are still unsure, they can check with the Form Teachers or Subject Teachers when school reopens. They should refrain from writing anything in the books if they feel there is a need to exchange for anything later.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>What if my child is unsure he/she is able to cope with the more demanding level subject?<br><strong><em>If he/she is offered more than 1 MDL subjects, he/she can choose to accept the subject he/she is confident in. He/she can also choose NOT to take up any of the more demanding-level subject as well even if they are offered one.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>Is my child only able to take up more demanding subjects before Sec 1 starts? <br><strong><em>If the child not comfortable with taking any of the subjects at more demanding level before Sec 1 starts, he/she can still be eligible to be offered the more demanding-level subjects if they do well in the school-based assessments at mid-year and end of the year at Secondary 1. There will be bridging lessons for the students who take up the subjects at mid-year/end of year.</em></strong></p></li><li><p>Can my child drop out of SBB half-way of Sec 1 or Sec 2? <br><strong><em>MDL is meant for a 2-year journey, once they take up the more demanding-level subjects, they are advised to persevere and review their MDL subjects at the end of Sec 2, if they should change to a less demanding one.</em></strong></p></li></ol><p></p>